README.md, before:

# progress-timeline


## *Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them, humanity cannot survive* - __Dalai Lama__


This Repository will be dedicated to timeline of LGBTQ+, where we will do our best to represent impact they have made to our world throughout history and how world has impacted them. There is numerous facts of history, what has happened to people, who think, believe or love in different way, not according to society standards of that time. And no matter how world was cruel to them, they still loved and shared it to world. There is enormous number of famous quotes, but at this point i remember this one:

*It takes great deal of courage t see the world in its tainted glory, and still to love it* - __Oscar Wilde.__

Oscar would is well known writer, who had to suffer just because of his love, love to man. and he was not alone, there were many, many others... But there was a time, when our society had to change, and those changes were made. 

1. 1924 - First Gay rights organization in United States.
2. 1936 was opened first lesbian and gay bar
3. Robert Duncan, was the first American who revealed his homosexuality in 1944.
4. Alan Turing, who created machine "__bombe__" and made possible to decode Enigma, but was charged with indecency, had to undergo hormonal therapy, after what he chose to leave this world on 1954.
5. 1961 was the year, when word "__homosexual__" was used first time on film "__Victim__"
6. 1969 June 28 - __The Stone Riots__ ignited after police took raid at the place Stonewall Inn and lasted for six days. Now it is called __Gay Pride__ and memmorialized annualy around the world.
7. "__Don't Ask, Don't Tell__" - First policy was instituted in USA military in 1993, what permitted gays to serve in army.
8. Netherlands were the first country in the world to legalize same-sex marriage on 2001.




## 🌈 Pride Representation 🥳
![Pride Representation Banner](https://res.cloudinary.com/djdefbnij/image/upload/v1685616402/pride2023banner_s33wvv.jpg)


## Criteria
In this section, we will briefly discuss how our team addressed the applicable criteria:

- ✨ What Framework was used?
- ✨ How innovative is the idea and project?
- ✨ Was the README Template used and expanded upon?
- ✨ Was the GitHub Project used to plan and execute the project?
- ✨ Is the project completed and deployed?

## Intro
One or two paragraphs providing an overview of our project, including the theme - whether it is one of the 7 themes or our own team's theme.

## Goal
The goal section provides a concise summary of the main objective or purpose of the project or software described in this README. It addresses the following aspects:

- ➡️ Problem Statement
- ➡️ Objective(s)
- ➡️ Target Audience
- ➡️ Benefits

## Tech
In the tech section, we provide information about the technology stack, dependencies, and any technical details related to the project.

## Credits
We would like to give credit to the following individuals, organizations, and resources that have contributed to the project or provided inspiration:
- 🙌 [Contributor 1]
- 🙌 [Contributor 2]
- 🌐 [External Resource 1]
- 🌐 [External Resource 2]

Commit message:

Add projext theme to README (#57)

README.md, after:

# progress-timeline

## *Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them, humanity cannot survive* - __Dalai Lama__


This Repository will be dedicated to timeline of LGBTQ+, where we will do our best to represent impact they have made to our world throughout history and how world has impacted them. There is numerous facts of history, what has happened to people, who think, believe or love in different way, not according to society standards of that time. And no matter how world was cruel to them, they still loved and shared it to world. There is enormous number of famous quotes, but at this point i remember this one:

*It takes great deal of courage t see the world in its tainted glory, and still to love it* - __Oscar Wilde.__

Oscar would is well known writer, who had to suffer just because of his love, love to man. and he was not alone, there were many, many others... But there was a time, when our society had to change, and those changes were made. 

1. 1924 - First Gay rights organization in United States.
2. 1936 was opened first lesbian and gay bar
3. Robert Duncan, was the first American who revealed his homosexuality in 1944.
4. Alan Turing, who created machine "__bombe__" and made possible to decode Enigma, but was charged with indecency, had to undergo hormonal therapy, after what he chose to leave this world on 1954.
5. 1961 was the year, when word "__homosexual__" was used first time on film "__Victim__"
6. 1969 June 28 - __The Stone Riots__ ignited after police took raid at the place Stonewall Inn and lasted for six days. Now it is called __Gay Pride__ and memmorialized annualy around the world.
7. "__Don't Ask, Don't Tell__" - First policy was instituted in USA military in 1993, what permitted gays to serve in army.
8. Netherlands were the first country in the world to legalize same-sex marriage on 2001.




## 🌈 Pride Representation 🥳
![Pride Representation Banner](https://res.cloudinary.com/djdefbnij/image/upload/v1685616402/pride2023banner_s33wvv.jpg)


## Criteria
In this section, we will briefly discuss how our team addressed the applicable criteria:

- ✨ What Framework was used?
- ✨ How innovative is the idea and project?
- ✨ Was the README Template used and expanded upon?
- ✨ Was the GitHub Project used to plan and execute the project?
- ✨ Is the project completed and deployed?


## Intro 
This project aims to be a helpful resource to the LGBTQ+ movement. in order to fight prejudices and intolerance towards marginalized groups in our society we find that knowledge and education, together with love and support, are the best tools. The website of this project serves as both a source of knowledge about the hardships and obstacles that the movement has had to overcome thoughout modern history, as well as a platform for making LGBTQ+ voices heard and for offering support and inspiration to the members of the LGBTQ+ community.

Due to the importance of both education and support for this cause this project stretches over a few themes: namely Empowering Queer Voices and Fostering Inclusive Allyship by giving the users the incredibly valuable possibility of sharing their stories, and to be heard by others, who in turn can offer support and advice through the comment feature; and through knowledge and education by the LGBTQ+ timeline which offers an easy-to-grasp overview of the movement as well as more in-depth descriptions it helps to serve Advocacy and Activism for the community. 


## Goal

### Problem Statement: 

Prejudices can cause stigmas which are hard to overcome as a member of the LGBTQ+ community. It can lead to people feeling isolated and can have serious consequences. People need access to supportive social structures where they can feel seen and understood. 

### Objectives:

1. This website can through its LGBTQ+ timeline feature educate and inspire people so as to fight prejudices and help marginalized people feel part of the community.

2. Through the story feature users can empower themselves by posting their LGBTQ+ stories, sharing their experiences with others and help inspire other users with everyday examples of the joys and hardships that permeates the lives of people in the LGBTQ+ community. The comment feature can further help the users to a feeling of being part of something bigger than themselves and is a powerful way to connect people to offer support and advice to one another.

### Target audiences:

The primary target audience is people of all ages who are in some way part of the LGBTQ+ community. Secondary target audiences are knowledge seeking individuals or organizations such as schools or other learning institutions. 

### Benefits:

By giving the general public more education regarding the LGBTQ+ movement it will increase the understanding and acceptance of this marginalized group. Furthermore, the story and comment sections of the website can contribute with a safe environment which is essential to the well-being and in the identity-building process of people. 


## Tech
In the tech section, we provide information about the technology stack, dependencies, and any technical details related to the project.


## Credits
We would like to give credit to the following individuals, organizations, and resources that have contributed to the project or provided inspiration:
- 🙌 [Contributor 1]
- 🙌 [Contributor 2]
- 🌐 [External Resource 1]
- 🌐 [External Resource 2]
